So, now that we have created the contract,
we also have tested it against many use cases.
Let's now create a very simple front-end to interact with the contract.
This is going to be very similar to what we did in version one.
Let's write a simple front-end for our Dapp.
Now, remember the Truffle box that we installed,
the Webpack we installed?
It already came with bunch of sample front-end code for the initial contract.
So, if you go in your app folder,
in the index dot html file and the js or
the script file is coming from the scripts folder index dot js,
so I'm going to have to edit these two files.
Let's look at the index dot html first.
Of course, you can go delete everything or just modify it to create your own patterns.
I'm very simple, I'm just going to add my own code here.
So again, a very simple, the html page absolutely nothing fancy here.
We're starting with getting the script file app dot js,
this comes from all the script files in the script folder right there,
and we'll look at that shortly.
Then, we're giving it a title and some headings here.
The StarNotary Token DAPP is the heading that we're giving it,
and then we're creating a label for the starName, starId.
So, anyone can create a star by putting in whatever name they wanted to give a starId.
Then, calling a functional script to create a star when the button is clicked, okay?
So, on click we call this function App dot createStar.
So, I'm going to keep this front-end very simple, and of course,
we're going to ask you to add more functionality to this page as a part
of your project five but this is what an html front-end looks like.
For our version two, we're very simple for now version.